PREVIOUSLY ON...
ALL RIGHT, I LOVE YOU.
THERE. I SAID IT.
FEELINGS WERE STATED BOLDLY.
I THINK IT'S TIME FOR ME
TO GIVE UP ON MEN.
YOU COULD ALWAYS
JUST DO WHAT I DID...
A ROMANTIC SUGGESTION
WAS MADE.
DATE CHICKS?
OH.
(both chuckle)
AND A PLAN WAS HATCHED...
HE WANTS TO REPRESENT YOU.
AAH!
THEY WANT YOU IN NEW YORK
IMMEDIATELY.
TO BREAK UP A ROMANCE...
THIS IS A HUGE OPPORTUNITY.
THE BEST PART IS SHE IS MILES
AWAY FROM THE NEAREST BOLEN.
(clink)
BUT YOUNG LOVE
COULDN'T BE STOPPED.
(clinking)
(Mary Alice)
SINCE SHE'D BECOME A MOTHER,
GABRIELLE SOLIS HAD LEARNED
MANY THINGS--
HOW TO GET GUM
OFF A REMOTE CONTROL...
HOW TO RESCUE A DOLL
FROM THE DISPOSAL...
AND WHERE TO FIND
DISAPPOINTING REPORT CARDS.
GABRIELLE HAD ALSO LEARNED
THAT NO MATTER HOW HARD
SHE TRIED...
CEREAL AGAIN?
SHE COULDN'T PLEASE EVERYONE.
YES, ANOTHER FREE MEAL
YOU DIDN'T HAVE TO WORK FOR.
IT'S TOUGH BEING 7.
CELIA, GET DOWN HERE!
ANA USED TO MAKE US BACON.
I MISS HER.
YEAH, WELL, SHE ALSO USED TO DO
THE LAUNDRY AND THE WINDOWS,
SO I MISS HER MORE.
CELIA, THE MILK IS POURED!
OH, I NEED CUPCAKES
FOR SCHOOL TODAY.
TODAY? HOW MANY?
(whiny voice) MOM!
THREE DOZEN.
WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME THIS
LAST NIGHT?
I FORGOT. WE GOT ANY HAM?
I NEED MEAT.
BABE, ARE YOU GONNA PICK UP
MY SUIT FROM THE DRY CLEANERS?
YES, AFTER I FOLD THE LAUNDRY,
FRY UP SOME HAM
AND PULL THREE DOZEN CUPCAKES
OUT OF MY ASS!
MOM!
WHAT?!
MY FACE ITCHES.
WHAT ARE THOSE,
MOSQUITO BITES?
WHOA. THAT LOOKS LIKE
CHICKEN POX.
NO. NO! NO! NO! I DON'T HAVE
TIME FOR SICK KIDS!
FORGET THE DRY CLEANING. YOU
GOTTA TAKE HER TO THE DOCTOR.
OH, GOD. WHAT DO YOU DO FOR
CHICKEN POX? I'VE NEVER HAD 'EM.
WHAT? STOP.
WHY?
YOU CAN'T GO
ANYWHERE NEAR HER.
IF YOU'VE HAVEN'T HAD THEM,
YOU'RE NOT IMMUNE.
IN FACT,
YOU GOTTA GET OUT OF HERE.
HONEY, CELIA IS SICK.
CHICKEN POX IS DANGEROUS
FOR ADULTS. GO.
I HAVE TO DO THE LAUNDRY.
I'VE GOT DISHES--
I WILL TAKE CARE
OF THE HOUSE.
YES, GABRIELLE HAD LEARNED
MANY THINGS AS A MOTHER.
THE MOST IMPORTANT...
SEE YA.
WAS TO GET
WHILE THE GETTING WAS GOOD.
SEDUCTION--
ANY SOAP OPERA FAN
WILL TELL YOU,
IT'S AN ART BEST PRACTICED...
STOP.
(Mary Alice) ...ON THOSE
WHO ARE VULNERABLE.
HEY THERE.
YOU HUNGRY?
(turns TV off)
OH, I AM NOW.
WHAT'S THAT AMAZING SMELL?
UH, CINNAMON BRIOCHE
FRENCH TOAST. (chuckles)
OH, BUT I PROBABLY SHOULDN'T.
YOU'RE SUCH AN AMAZING COOK.
I'M ALREADY HAVING TROUBLE
FITTING INTO MY CLOTHES.
OH. UH...
YOU NEED SOME MAPLE SYRUP.
OH, SERIOUSLY,
YOU HEATED THE SYRUP?
(sighs)
YOU'RE UNBELIEVABLE.
(chuckles)
MMM.
YOU SHOULD EAT IT
WHILE IT'S STILL...
HOT.
MM.
(clatter)
MMM!
(groans) OH, NO.
LOOK.
I JUST GOT SYRUP ALL OVER ME.
(chuckles)
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT IT IS WITH ME.
I JUST... HAVE TO GET DIRTY.
(chuckles)
YOU...
GOT SOME ON YOUR BRA, TOO.
OH.
I'LL GET IT.
(gasps)
(man) PLEASE. IT'S WRONG.
THEN WHY DOES IT FEEL
SO RIGHT?
(sighs)
(knock on door)
(door opens)
KATHERINE? YOU UP YET?
OH, GOOD. I WAS CALLING,
BUT YOU DIDN'T HEAR ME.
I THINK YOU FEEL ASLEEP
WITH THE TV ON. (chuckles)
(chuckles)
SO WHAT WOULD YOU LIKE
FOR BREAKFAST?
ANYTHING BUT FRENCH TOAST.
OH, I DON'T THINK
YOU'LL BE HERE THAT LONG.
(clinking)
(click)
I GOT IT.
I GOT THE PERFECT NAME
FOR THE BABY.
PATRICIA.
LET ME THINK ABOUT IT.
NO.
WH--
WHY NOT? IT'S A GREAT NAME.
I TOLD YOU, I WANT TO HONOR
MY AUNT. WE'RE NAMING HER POLLY.
POLLY?
OKAY, YOU GET A PEG LEG,
I'LL GET AN EYE PATCH,
AND WE'LL CARRY HER AROUND
ON OUR SHOULDERS.
MORNING, PENNY.
OH, HEY, BABY.
MWAH.
WHERE ARE MY PANCAKES?
OH, SWEETIE, I'VE GOT
A LOT GOING ON TODAY.
I'LL MAKE YOU PANCAKES
THIS WEEKEND.
BUT I ALWAYS GET PANCAKES
ON MY BIRTHDAY.
THAT'S... RIGHT.
YOU DO.
BUT...
WE... HAVE...
AN EVEN BIGGER TREAT
PLANNED FOR YOU THIS YEAR.
YEAH.
WHAT?
(chuckles) OH!
LIKE I'M GONNA TELL YA
AND RUIN THE BIG SURPRISE!
(laughs)
(lowers voice) HOW COULD YOU
FORGET HER BIRTHDAY?
(lowers voice) ME? I'M PREGNANT.
I FORGET PANTS SOMETIMES.
WHAT'S YOUR EXCUSE?
WHAT'S MY SURPRISE?
WHAT THE HELL ARE
WE GONNA DO?
COVER ME. I'M GOING IN.
(normal voice)
BIRTHDAY BREAKFASTS...
ARE FOR KIDS.
NOW THAT YOU'RE 11,
I WAS PLANNING
TO MAKE YOU...
THE BEST...
BIRTHDAY... DINNER EVER,
WITH DECORATIONS...
TONS OF PRESENTS...
PIN THE TAIL ON THE...
YOU FORGOT MY BIRTHDAY.
WOW.
THERE WAS NO COVERING THAT,
BABE.
(sighs)
YOU'RE TWICE THE MAN HE IS.
WHAT'S RAYMUNDO GONNA SAY
WHEN HE FINDS OUT TIFFANY'S
SLEEPING WITH HIS BROTHER?
(turns phone off)
ALAS, YOU'LL NEVER KNOW.
OH, HEY, MOM. WE--WE WERE
JUST TAKING A BREAK.
SO I GATHERED.
IF YOU DON'T MIND, TAD,
I'D LIKE TO SPEAK TO MY SON.
SURE. GO AHEAD.
IN PRIVATE, TAD.
OH! SO YOU WANT ME TO--
BE ANYPLACE ELSE BUT HERE,
RIGHT.
UH, SO--SO WHAT'S UP?
THERE'S A TRUCK OUTSIDE
WITH THE FLOWER ARRANGEMENTS
WE ORDERED FOR THE ADAMS PARTY--
ALL 100 OF THEM.
WAIT.
BUT WE ONLY ORDERED TEN.
THAT'S WHAT I SAID.
THEN THE DELIVERY MAN
SHOWED ME THIS INVOICE.
AT FIRST I WASN'T SURE
IF THAT WAS TAD'S SIGNATURE,
BUT WHEN I SAW THAT HIS NAME
WAS MISSPELLED...
(chuckles)
I KNEW IT WAS HIM.
UH, WOULD YOU LIKE ME
TO TALK TO HIM?
NO. I WOULD LIKE YOU
TO HOLD HIM DOWN
WHILE I STRIKE HIM
WITH A LARGE WOODEN SPOON.
WHATEVER.
I-I'LL TAKE CARE OF IT.
WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO SAY
TO HIM?
LOOK, WHEN--WHEN ORSON HAD
HIS ACCIDENT,
DID YOU OR DID YOU NOT
PUT ME IN CHARGE?
YES, BUT I AM STARTING TO THINK
THAT YOU ARE NOT READY.
LOOK... (sighs) I'M NEVER
GONNA FIGURE THIS JOB OUT
UNLESS YOU LET ME MAKE MISTAKES
AND LEARN FROM THEM.
I REALIZE THAT, ANDREW,
BUT YOU'RE MAKING--
MOM, I KNOW YOU HAVE
YOUR CONTROL ISSUES,
BUT WHEN STUFF HAPPENS,
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO LEARN
TO JUST RELAX AND--AND LET ME
CLEAN UP MY OWN MESSES, OKAY?
HEY, WHERE DO YOU WANT
ALL THESE FLOWER ARRANGEMENTS?
OOPS.
NO PROBLEM, TAD.
AS LUCK WOULD HAVE IT,
WE'VE GOT EXTRA.
MMM!
ROY, WE'VE GOT GUESTS.
YOU CAN WATCH YOUR SOAP LATER.
(turns TV off)
COME ON, ROY.
WELL, AGAIN, THANK YOU
FOR INVITING US OVER TO BRUNCH.
EVERYTHING LOOKS DELICIOUS.
YEAH, IT DOES, DOESN'T IT?
(chuckles) RIGHT, KAREN?
(singsong voice)
YOU KNOW WHAT I WANT.
(normal voice) WHEN COMPANY
COMES OVER, I GET TO USE SALT.
ROY'S ON A LOW-SODIUM DIET.
"NO SODIUM" IS CODE
FOR "TASTES LIKE SOCKS."
(chuckles)
SO SUE ME 'CAUSE I DON'T WANT
YOU DROPPING DEAD.
LISTEN TO YOU TWO.
YOU SOUND LIKE
A SWEET, OLD MARRIED COUPLE.
(chuckles)
SO... HAVE YOU EVER THOUGHT
OF MAKING AN HONEST WOMAN
OUT OF KAREN?
(lowered voice)
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
OH. I JUST WANT THEM
TO BE AS HAPPY AS WE ARE.
UH, WE'RE HAPPY.
LIVING IN SIN
SUITS US JUST FINE.
IS THAT HOW KAREN FEELS?
(normal voice) SUSAN, WHY DON'T
YOU, UH, TRY THIS FRITTATA?
KAREN DOESN'T CARE
ABOUT MARRIAGE.
DO YOU, PUMPKIN?
HERE.
HAVE SOME MORE SALT.
I ALWAYS FIGURED
YOU'D SAY NO.
SO WHY DON'T YOU GROW A PAIR
AND FIND OUT?
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
OF COURSE SHE'S SERIOUS.
(inhales sharply)
FINE.
MIKE, GIVE ME A HAND,
WILL YOU?
OH, MY GOD!
THIS IS SO ROMANTIC.
KAREN, WILL YOU...
SON OF A BEE.
THERE'S THE BATTERY
TO MY HEARING AID.
OKAY, OKAY.
KAREN...
DO YOU WANNA MARRY ME?
GOLLY, I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO SAY.
THIS IS ALL SO SUDDEN.
ANSWER. MY KNEE HURTS.
I WOULD LOVE TO MARRY YOU,
ROY.
(whispers) YES!
(laughs)
SO IF GABY'S JUST STAYING
A COUPLE OF DAYS,
WHY'D SHE BRING
THREE SUITCASES?
SHE SAID MOST OF HER DRESSES
HAVEN'T HAD CHICKEN POX EITHER.
OH!
THAT... WAS AMAZING.
I JUST TOOK A NAP
IN THE MIDDLE OF THE DAY.
(chuckles)
GUESS IT'S A LITTLE DIFFERENT
WITHOUT KIDS, HUH?
OH, YOU KIDDING ME?
I HAVEN'T TAKEN A NAP
SINCE JUANITA CROWNED.
OKAY, YOU JUST CREATED
A VISUAL THAT IS
FORBIDDEN INSIDE THESE WALLS.
TRY TO WATCH THAT.
HERE. YOU'RE JUST IN TIME
FOR PRE-DINNER COSMOS.
IN A CRYSTAL GLASS?
MM.
OH! CELIA BROKE
OUR LAST ONE SIX MONTHS AGO.
I'VE BEEN DRINKING MY COCKTAILS
OUT OF A SCOOBY-DOO SIPPY CUP.
(chuckles)
MMM! I'M IN HEAVEN.
MMM. SO IT'S MOVIE NIGHT.
HAVE YOU SEEN THIS?
DOES IT HAVE A TALKING PENGUIN
OR A DOG THAT PLAYS BASKETBALL?
NO, JUST GRATUITOUS SEX
AND LOTS OF VIOLENCE.
YAY! ART!
(chuckles)
(slurping loudly)
AHH!
UH-OH.
SOMEBODY'S GLASS IS EMPTY.
THAT'S ALSO FORBIDDEN
INSIDE THESE WALLS.
OH!
I KNOW I DON'T KNOW YOU GUYS
THAT WELL, BUT...
I LOVE YOU.
MMM.
(inhales air loudly)
(high-pitched voice)
OH, WOW. (laughs)
(laughs)
(laughs) ARE YOU OKAY?
OH, MY GOD.
PENNY?
ALL RIGHT,
IT'S TIME FOR CAKE.
I GOT YOUR FAVORITE.
CHOCOLATE?
I GOT YOUR SECOND FAVORITE.
MOM?
YES?
(whispering) UH, I HAVE A DATE
IN HALF AN HOUR. CAN I GO NOW?
(whispering)
NO, YOU CANNOT GO.
PRESTON'S IN EUROPE.
PARKER'S AT BAND PRACTICE.
YOU ARE REPRESENTING
ALL SIBLINGS.
MOM--
DON'T YOU FEEL BAD
WE FORGOT HER BIRTHDAY?
I DIDN'T FORGET. I GAVE HER
A PRESENT THIS MORNING.
SO DON'T TAKE IT OUT ON ME THAT
YOU AND DAD FAILED AS PARENTS.
OH. WE USED UP
ALL OUR GOOD PARENTING ON YOU.
THAT'S WHY
YOU'RE SO DELIGHTFUL.
(singsong voice) OKAY.
HERE WE GO!
HEE-HEE!
(normal voice)
ONE, TWO, THREE--
WHO'S POLLY?
OH, MY GOD!
ERASE, ERASE, ERASE.
SWEETIE, I AM SO SORRY.
YOU KNOW, I DON'T KNOW
IF YOU KNOW THIS,
BUT PREGNANT WOMEN GET
A LITTLE SCATTERED.
AND THEN YOUR DAD AND I WERE
TALKING ABOUT BABY NAMES,
AND I GOT ON THE PHONE WITH
THE BAKERY, AND... (chuckles)
WHICH IS CLEARLY
A TERRIBLE EXCUSE,
AND AGAIN, I AM SO SORRY.
LET ME FIX THIS.
HEY!
THAT JUST MADE IT WORSE,
AND HOW WOULD YOU
LIKE A PUPPY?
FORGET IT.
BUT YOU HAVEN'T OPENED
YOUR PRESENTS YET.
COME BACK...
(whispers) PENNY.
I KNOW HER NAME.
(man) THE CENTRAL BANK THURSDAY
RAISED INTEREST RATES...
(Angie) NICK!
YEAH. WHAT?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
(turns TV off)
DANNY TOOK OFF.
LISTEN TO THIS--
"DIDN'T WANT TO WAKE YOU.
WENT CAMPING WITH EDDIE.
"HAD TO CLEAR MY HEAD
ABOUT THE WHOLE ANA THING.
P.S. TOOK MY CELL, BUT DOUBT
WE'LL HAVE RECEPTION."
GOOD FOR HIM.
ARE YOU CRAZY?
HE'S NEVER BEEN BY HIMSELF.
HE KNOWS HOW TO DRINK OUT
OF A CANTEEN AND PEE ON A TREE.
I THINK HE'LL BE FINE.
THIS ISN'T FUNNY.
LOOK, SHOULD HE HAVE ASKED US?
OKAY, YEAH.
BUT I THINK IT'S HEALTHY.
HEY,
BETTER HIKING WITH EDDIE
THAN ALONE IN HIS ROOM
WITH A BOTTLE OF PILLS.
(sighs) I DON'T KNOW.
HE'S 19. EVENTUALLY, WE GOTTA
LET HIM LIVE A NORMAL LIFE.
HE'S NEVER GONNA HAVE
A NORMAL LIFE.
NONE OF US WILL.
I REALIZE THE MISTAKE
WAS OURS, MR. TAN,
BUT WHAT AM I SUPPOSED
TO DO
WITH 90 EXTRA
FLORAL ARRANGEMENTS?
WELL, IT WILL BE YOUR PROBLEM
IF I STOP DOING BUSINESS
WITH YOU.
YES. WHAT CAN I DO FOR YOU?
ACTUALLY, THE QUESTION IS
WHAT CAN I DO FOR YOU?
I'M SORRY.
DID WE HAVE AN APPOINTMENT?
NO, BUT I'VE BEEN WANTING TO
MEET YOU FOR SUCH A LONG TIME,
AND WHEN I WOKE UP THIS MORNING,
I TOLD MYSELF TODAY IS THE DAY.
MAY I SIT?
NO, NO. NOT JUST YET.
WHAT IS IT YOU WANT, MISTER...
ALLEN. SAM ALLEN.
I'VE BEEN FOLLOWING YOUR CAREER
FOR A WHILE NOW, MRS. HODGE.
I'VE BEEN TO SOME PARTIES
YOU'VE CATERED,
AND I'VE GOT YOUR COOKBOOK,
I'VE READ EVERY INTERVIEW
YOU'VE EVER DONE, AND I THINK
YOU'RE QUITE AMAZING.
HOW NICE. NOW LET'S SKIP
TO THE PART WHERE YOU ASSURE ME
THAT YOU'RE NOT
SOME DERANGED STALKER.
(laughs) HARDLY.
I WANT TO WORK FOR YOU.
DOING WHAT?
ANYTHING. EVERYTHING.
I'M VERY BUSY, MR. ALLEN.
IF YOU'D LIKE, YOU COULD LEAVE
YOUR RéSUMé WITH MY ASSISTANT--
I WORKED AS A SOUS-CHEF TO PUT
MYSELF THROUGH BUSINESS SCHOOL,
WHERE I GRADUATED
AT THE TOP OF MY CLASS.
I KNOW MY WAY AROUND
A KITCHEN AND A CALCULATOR.
AND I'M NOT ASKING YOU TO PAY ME
A LOT OF MONEY, NOT YET ANYWAY.
I WANT TO LEARN YOUR BUSINESS
FROM THE GROUND UP,
AND THEN I WANT
TO HELP YOU EXPAND IT.
REALLY?
YOU'RE A WOMAN WHO HAS SOMETHING
TO SAY ABOUT TRADITIONAL VALUES,
AND I THINK OUR COUNTRY'S
READY TO LISTEN.
I AM FLATTERED...
(inhales deeply)
BUT I'M ALSO FULLY STAFFED,
AND I HONESTLY WOULDN'T KNOW
HOW TO USE YOU. I'M SORRY.
SO AM I.
IN REGARD TO
THE EXTRA FLORAL ARRANGEMENTS,
YOU COULD DONATE THEM
TO A HOSPITAL
AND RECORD THE LOSS
AS A CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTION.
AND IF YOU SPLIT
THE ARRANGEMENTS IN HALF,
YOU COULD DOUBLE
THE AMOUNT YOU CLAIM.
JUST A THOUGHT.
MR. ALLEN?
NOW YOU CAN SIT.
(knock on door)
HEY.
WHERE'S YOUR BLUSHING BRIDE?
UPSTAIRS IN THE CAN.
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
WELL, I THOUGHT
I WOULD DROP THIS OFF.
IT'S A BOUQUET I FOUND.
DON'T YOU THINK
IT'LL BE PERFECT FOR KAREN?
HAVEN'T YOU DONE ENOUGH
ALREADY?
HUH?
WE HAD A GOOD THING GOING--
ME AND KAREN.
NOW 'CAUSE OF YOU, WE'RE GONNA
GET MARRIED AND RUIN IT.
GETTING MARRIED
ISN'T GONNA RUIN IT.
IT'S GONNA MAKE IT BETTER.
NO, IT ISN'T.
IT'S LIKE SALT.
WHAT?
ALL MY LIFE,
I NEVER CARED ABOUT SALT,
BUT WHEN MY DOCTOR SAID
I COULDN'T HAVE IT ANYMORE,
I STARTED CRAVING IT.
WAIT. ARE, UH...
YOU TELLING ME THAT...
YOU'RE GONNA CHEAT ON KAREN?
I GO TO A STRETCHING CLASS
AT THE CENTER.
THERE'S A LADY WITH BLUE HAIR,
ALWAYS SITS IN FRONT OF ME.
SIX MONTHS SHE'S BEEN THERE.
I NEVER GAVE A CRAP ABOUT HER.
BUT THIS MORNING,
48 HOURS AFTER YOU TOLD ME
I HAD TO PROPOSE TO KAREN,
I'M LOOKING AT
OL' BLUE HAIR,
AND I'M SMACKING MY LIPS.
SALT.
YOU'RE 80 YEARS OLD, ROY.
INFIDELITY IS...
DANGEROUS.
MY BODY'S 80,
BUT INSIDE, I'M STILL
A RANDY TEENAGE BOY.
SUSAN, I'M TELLING YA,
I HAVE TO KISS SOME OTHER WOMEN
BEFORE I DIE.
WELL, YOU CAN'T,
SO FORGET IT.
JUST THINK ABOUT KAREN
AND HOW MUCH SHE LOVES YOU,
AND IF YOU DO THAT, I'M SURE
YOU'LL BE ABLE TO RESIST
ANY INAPPROPRIATE URGES,
OKAY?
MM!
MWAH!
YEAH, THAT'S THE STUFF.
(laughs)
HOW IS YOUR WIFE BEING MOLESTED
FUNNY?
IT WAS JUST A KISS
FROM AN 80-YEAR-OLD MAN.
WELL, IT'S TOO BAD
HE DIDN'T GRAB MY ASS.
YOU'D BE ROLLING ON THE FLOOR.
WHAT DO YOU WANT ME TO DO,
BEAT HIM UP?
TAKE THE TENNIS BALLS
OFF HIS WALKER?
OKAY, FORGET ABOUT ME.
WHAT ABOUT
WHAT HE'S DOING TO KAREN?
I MEAN, THEY'RE ABOUT
TO GET MARRIED,
AND HE HAS NO INTENTION
OF BEING FAITHFUL.
BECAUSE HE FEELS TRAPPED.
AND WHOSE FAULT IS THAT?
DON'T POINT THE MUSTARD AT ME.
SUSAN, I WAS THERE.
YOU PRACTICALLY FORCED HIM
INTO THIS.
(bag rustles)
OKAY. I MADE A MISTAKE.
I DIDN'T KNOW THAT HE WAS
SOME SORT OF JURASSIC GIGOLO.
I HAVE TO TELL KAREN ABOUT THIS
RIGHT NOW.
(beeps)
NO. YOU'VE MEDDLED ENOUGH.
(beep)
WELL, I CAN'T LET HER MARRY HIM,
KNOWING WHAT I KNOW.
(sighs) SUSAN,
HE'S HAVING SECOND THOUGHTS.
I MEAN, COME ON, THERE'S NOT
A MARRIED MAN ON EARTH
WHO DIDN'T HAVE SECOND THOUGHTS
BEFORE HE GOT MARRIED.
OH, REALLY?
WELL... (laughs)
CO--I DIDN'T MEAN...
OKAY, I'M DONE.
MWAH.
SEE YA, BOYS!
THANKS FOR DRIVING!
(grunts)
BYE, GABY!
DON'T FORGET TO FRIEND US!
OH, I WON'T, FERNANDO.
AND GOOD LUCK
WITH YOUR PEC IMPLANTS.
(engine starts)
(woman) ♪ I'M NOT IN LOVE ♪
(Gabrielle giggles)
ALL RIGHT,
TIME FOR A NIGHTCAP.
OH, NIGHTCAPS! I'D FORGOTTEN
ALL ABOUT NIGHTCAPS.
OH, I MISS
THE GAY SINGLE LIFE.
YOU KNOW WHAT? SHE DESERVES
THE FULL EXPERIENCE.
WE'RE GONNA THROW YOU
A PARTY.
BRILLIANT! I HAVE MINI QUICHES
IN THE FREEZER
AND TEN HOMOS ON SPEED DIAL.
IT'S DONE.
OH! I'M SO EXCITED!
INVITE THOSE GUYS
FROM TONIGHT...
EXCEPT FERNANDO.
HE'S PRETTIER THAN ME.
HMM.
(answering machine beeps)
(Bob) HI. IT'S BOB.
(Lee) ♪ AND LEE ♪
(both) LEAVE A MESSAGE.
(beep)
(Carlos) Hey, guys. It's
Carlos. I'm looking for Gaby.
The doctor says the girls
aren't contagious anymore,
so she can come home now.
Thanks.
(beep)
WELL, THAT'S GOOD NEWS.
WHAT?!
THAT IS HORRIBLE NEWS.
MY CHILDREN ARE HEALTHY.
DAMN IT!
BUT YOU CAN GO HOME NOW.
NO, I'M NOT READY.
I'M JUST STARTING TO REMEMBER
WHAT IT'S LIKE
TO BE HUMAN AGAIN--
SLEEPING IN,
NOT STEPPING ON TOYS,
EATING AT RESTAURANTS
THAT DON'T HAVE A SLIDE.
I HAVE TASTED FREEDOM, AND I AM
NOT READY TO GIVE IT UP!
BUT WHAT ARE YOU
GONNA TELL CARLOS?
OH, NO. A STOMACH VIRUS?
(Gabrielle) Yeah,
when you called earlier,
I was throwing up.
(rattling)
WELL, WE DON'T WANT
THE GIRLS TO CATCH IT.
WHAT'S THAT NOISE?
MY TEETH ARE CHATTERING.
ANYHOW, I'LL BE HOME
AS SOON AS I CAN.
DOCTOR SAYS
IT'S A 24-HOUR THING.
DON'T FORGET THE HANGOVER.
OR 36-HOUR THING. GOTTA GO.
(beep)
(sighs) START POURIN'.
I SAID I WAS THROWING UP.
DON'T WANT TO BE A LIAR.
(inhales deeply)
I CAN HIRE WHOMEVER I WANT.
IT'S MY COMPANY.
AND I RUN IT FOR YOU.
I SHOULD HAVE BEEN CONSULTED.
WHY ARE YOU BEING
SO UNPLEASANT ABOUT THIS?
I HIRED SAM TO HELP YOU.
I DON'T NEED HIS HELP.
I'VE GOT IT UNDER CONTROL.
ANDREW, ALL I'VE SEEN LATELY
IS EVIDENCE TO THE CONTRARY,
AND IF YOU THINK
I'M GONNA STAND BY
WHILE EVERYTHING I'VE BUILT
FALLS APART...
SAM. (chuckles)
I THOUGHT YOU'D GONE HOME.
OH, I STAYED LATE
TO FINISH THE INVENTORY.
WELL, AREN'T YOU INDUSTRIOUS?
I ALSO WANTED TO TALK
ABOUT TAD.
UH, WHAT ABOUT HIM?
EVERY TASK I'VE GIVEN HIM
HE'S EITHER BOTCHED
OR FAILED TO FINISH.
I THINK IT'S TIME
TO CUT OUR LOSSES.
(scoffs) WE'RE--
WE'RE NOT FIRING TAD.
WHY NOT? HE'S A MORON.
HE'S A GOOD GUY,
AND--AND I DON'T WANT YOU
TALKING THAT WAY
ABOUT MY EMPLOYEES.
ANDREW, YOU HAVE TO ADMIT,
HE'S MORE THAN
A LITTLE INCOMPETENT.
GIVE HIM A CHANCE.
HE'S JUST A KID.
YOU'RE HAVING AN AFFAIR
WITH HIM, AREN'T YOU?
SAM!
HOW COULD YOU SAY
SUCH A THING?
I THINK
THE MORE PERTINENT QUESTION IS
WHY ISN'T ANDREW DENYING IT?
T--
UH...
ANDREW, HAVE YOU HAD SEX
WITH TAD?
(sighs) JUST ONCE. UH...
OH, MY GOD.
WELL, HE CAME ON TO ME. IT WAS
LATE, AND I'D BEEN DRINKING.
THAT'S YOUR EXCUSE?
HONESTLY, ANDREW,
I AM SO DISAPPOINTED IN YOU.
OH, REALLY?
Y-YOU WANT TO PLAY THAT CARD?
YOU'RE LIVING WITH ALEX.
AND YOU'RE MARRIED TO ORSON.
YEAH,
I KNOW ABOUT KARL MAYER.
HELLO, POT. I'M KETTLE.
IT'S NICE TO MEET YOU.
(whispers) I CANNOT BELIEVE
YOU WOULD BRING THIS UP
IN FRONT OF A STRANGER.
YEAH, YOU KNOW ME.
HYPOCRISY JUST MAKES ME
FORGET MY MANNERS.
PERHAPS I SHOULD GO.
YES. BUT I WANT YOU BACK HERE
BRIGHT AND EARLY
TOMORROW MORNING
TO HELP ME FIRE TAD.
Y--NO. NO. YOU--YOU--
YOU CAN'T FIRE HIM.
YES, I CAN.
IN FACT,
I CAN FIRE ANYONE I WANT.
(door closes)
AND THEN RIGHT
AS I WAS TAKING OFF HER BRA,
I WOKE UP.
HMM.
WHAT DO YOU THINK
THAT MEANS?
SEEMS
PRETTY STRAIGHTFORWARD.
BUT I'M NOT A LESBIAN.
YOU'RE GETTING AHEAD
OF YOURSELF.
MAYBE THIS DREAM
ISN'T EVEN ABOUT ROBIN.
MAYBE IT'S ABOUT
HOW I'VE BEEN SO HURT BY MEN
THAT WOMEN ARE
THE ONLY SAFE OPTION LEFT.
WHY ARE YOU EVEN THINKING
ABOUT RELATIONSHIPS AT ALL,
WITH MEN OR WOMEN?
YOU'RE STILL FRAGILE.
NOW WHEN YOU'RE STRONGER,
THEN WE CAN TALK ABOUT
WHO YOU MIGHT BE ATTRACTED TO.
BUT I'M NOT ATTRACTED TO HER.
THAT'S WHAT I'M SAYING.
WOMEN MY AGE
DON'T JUST WAKE UP ONE DAY
WITH A WHOLE NEW
SEXUAL IDENTITY.
THIS DREAM HAS GOT TO MEAN
SOMETHING ELSE.
WELL, WHAT IT TELLS ME,
CLEARLY,
IS THAT YOU ARE BEING
DISTRACTED FROM YOUR RECOVERY.
SO WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO,
STOP DREAMING?
NO.
BUT YOU MIGHT WANT
TO CONSIDER
ASKING ROBIN TO FIND
ANOTHER PLACE TO STAY.
(sighs)
(woman over P.A.)
AVAILABLE CASHIER TO THE FRONT.
THIS LETTERING IS SO SMALL.
I CAN HARDLY READ THE LABEL.
ALL RIGHT,
WHILE YOU'RE DECIDING
WHICH ONE IS DOLPHIN-SAFE,
I'M GONNA GET SOME BEER.
HEY! MRS. BOLEN!
I--DO YOU SHOP HERE?
WHERE'S DANNY? HE SAID
YOU GUYS WERE GOING CAMPING.
OH, YEAH.
NO, BUT H--I--
IT TURNED OUT I COULDN'T GO,
SO HE JUST WENT...
BY HIMSELF.
(scoffs)
YOU WANNA GET IN LINE?
YOU WANNA MAKE ME?
SPILL IT.
I'M SORRY. HE SAID HE'D CALL YOU
WHEN HE GOT THERE.
EDDIE. HEY,
YOU GUYS BACK ALREADY?
SO WHERE IS HE REALLY?
NEW YORK.
DANNY WENT TO FIND ANA.
HEY. HEY.
DON'T FREAK OUT.
IT'S A BIG CITY.
WHAT IF HE GOES
TO THE OLD NEIGHBORHOOD?
PATRICK IS NOT
GOING TO FIND HIM.
HE FOUND US THE LAST TIME.
COME ON. I GOTTA GO PACK.
(clank)
(door opens)
YOU'RE IN EARLY.
OH, I COULDN'T SLEEP,
SO I THOUGHT I'D REVIEW
OUR LIABILITY INSURANCE,
BUT I'M HAVING
A LITTLE TROUBLE FOCUSING.
MAYBE SOME COFFEE
WILL PERK YOU UP.
MM.
UM, ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED
YESTERDAY, SAM,
THAT, UM,
UGLINESS WITH ANDREW--
DRIVEN, SUCCESSFUL PEOPLE LIKE
YOU HAVE COMPLICATED LIVES,
BUT THE SPECIFICS ARE
NONE OF MY BUSINESS.
(sighs) MY, UM...
RELATIONSHIP WITH ANDREW IS,
UH, TO SAY THE LEAST,
COMPLICATED.
I'M SURE ANDREW RESPECTS
AND LOVES YOU VERY MUCH.
I JUST WORRY THAT...
WHAT?
WELL, IT'S NOT UNUSUAL FOR
CHILDREN IN A FAMILY BUSINESS
TO HAVE
A SENSE OF ENTITLEMENT.
I HOPE YOU DON'T MIND
ME SAYING THAT.
NO. GO AHEAD.
THIS MUST BE SO HARD. WHAT DO
YOU DO IN THIS SITUATION?
KEEP CODDLING HIM,
HOPING HE'LL CHANGE,
OR DO YOU CUT
THE APRON STRINGS AND TRUST
THAT ALL THE HARD WORK YOU'VE
DONE WILL ALLOW HIM TO THRIVE?
IT'S A GOOD QUESTION.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'VE GOT EVERYTHING
UNDER CONTROL HERE.
WHY DON'T YOU GO
BACK TO THE HOUSE
AND CATCH UP ON YOUR SLEEP?
BUT THERE'S SO MUCH WORK
TO BE DONE.
SURE, BUT THAT'S WHY
YOU HIRED ME, ISN'T IT--
TO HELP YOU OUT?
THANK YOU, SAM.
(sets folder on table)
YOU'RE VERY KIND.
AND, SAM?
I'M VERY GLAD YOU'RE HERE.
(girl) YAY!
(girl) COME TO MY HOUSE!
OKAY!
(boy) COME ON! LET'S GO!
(boy) HURRY UP!
WAIT! LET'S PLAY!
LET'S GO PLAY KICKBALL!
OKAY.
(girl) OH, MY GOSH!
SUCH A GOOD JOB!
(girl) I KNOW!
UNH-UNH!
HEY, BERT.
I'M LOOKING FOR PENNY.
SHE DIDN'T GET OFF THE BUS.
THAT'S
'CAUSE SHE DIDN'T GET ON.
I FIGURED SHE WENT HOME SICK
OR SOMETHING.
WHAT? NO.
SHE DIDN'T COME HOME SICK.
WHERE IS SHE? PENNY?
MRS. SCAVO?
PENNY SAID
TO GIVE YOU THIS.
(sighs) SHE'S RUNNING AWAY.
ANY IDEA WHY SHE WOULD
RUN AWAY? PROBLEMS AT HOME?
NO.
NO, EVERYTHING'S FINE.
WELL, WE DID KIND OF FORGET
HER BIRTHDAY.
AND... SHE PUT THE WRONG NAME
ON HER BIRTHDAY CAKE.
HONEY, COULD WE PLEASE STICK
TO THE FACTS THAT PERTAIN
TO THE CASE?
HOW COULD YOU GET
YOUR DAUGHTER'S NAME WRONG?
(groans)
ARE YOU PEOPLE INVOLVED
IN NARCOTICS?
NO! NO, I'M PREGNANT,
AND IT MAKES ME
VERY FORGETFUL.
SURELY
YOU CAN UNDERSTAND THAT.
I'M NOT PREGNANT.
YOU'RE NOT GONNA LOOK
FOR OUR DAUGHTER, ARE YOU?
(telephone rings)
AGUILAR.
YEAH,
THEY'RE STILL HERE.
OH, OKAY.
YOUR DAUGHTER'S FINE.
SHE TRIED TO USE
YOUR CREDIT CARD
TO CHECK INTO A HOTEL.
HEY.
YOU MIND IF I COME IN?
WOW. MARBLE BATH,
FLAT SCREEN,
$8 CAN OF PEANUTS.
NICE. (chuckles)
SWEETIE, I AM SO SORRY
ABOUT THE CAKE
AND ABOUT FORGETTING
YOUR BIRTHDAY.
I KNOW YOU HATE ME RIGHT NOW,
AND I DON'T BLAME YOU.
I DON'T HATE YOU.
I HATE THAT.
(whispers) OH.
BECAUSE YOU'RE NOT GONNA BE
THE BABY ANYMORE.
OH. PENNY.
SWEETIE.
YOU'RE MISSING
THE BIG PICTURE HERE.
PRESTON'S GONE.
PORTER'S NEXT.
WHEN THIS GIRL COMES ALONG,
WE ARE POISED
TO TAKE CONTROL OF THE HOUSE
WITH A 3-2 MAJORITY.
DO YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS?
WOMEN GET VETO POWER
OVER WHAT TV SHOWS TO WATCH,
WHAT TAKEOUT TO GET.
JUST THINK.
THINK OF A WORLD WHERE
THE TOILET SEAT IS NEVER UP.
(chuckles)
THIS IS OUR TIME
TO TAKE THEM DOWN.
(growls)
(giggling)
WE'RE BOTH GONNA
TAKE THEM DOWN!
HEY.
OH.
I'M SORRY I RAN AWAY.
WE CAN GO HOME NOW.
I HAVE A BETTER IDEA.
SINCE YOU ALREADY PAID
FOR THE ROOM,
HOW ABOUT WE ORDER
HOT FUDGE SUNDAES...
(whispers)
AND SPEND THE NIGHT?
(normal voice) JUST...
JUST US GIRLS.
YEAH.
OKAY. (grunts)
YOU KNOW, MOM...
HMM?
(beep)
IF YOU HAVE TWO MORE GIRLS,
WE'LL TAKE THE LEAD.
LET'S JUST...
ORDER OUR SUNDAES.
(indistinct conversations)
(dance music playing)
SO THERE I WAS
AT THIS HUGE PARTY,
FLIRTING WITH
THIS MIDDLE EASTERN SHEIKH,
AND OUT OF NOWHERE...
(telephone ringing)
HE OFFERS ME A MILLION DOLLARS
TO SLEEP WITH HIM.
SO WHAT DID YOU DO?
I SLAPPED HIM.
(laughter)
APPARENTLY IN THE RIGHT PLACE,
'CAUSE I WALKED OUT OF THERE
WITH 20 GRAND.
(loud laughter)
SHH.
GABY, IT'S JUANITA.
OH, EXCUSE ME, GUYS.
GOTTA DO
THE "MOMMIE DEAREST" THING.
HI, SWEETIE. HOW WAS SCHOOL?
WHAT?
OH, YOU SCORED A GOAL
IN SOCCER?
WHAT? WH--HANG ON, SWEETIE,
WHILE I FIND A QUIET PLACE
SO MOMMY CAN HEAR YOU.
(indistinct conversations)
(laughter)
HANG ON, SWEETIE.
(sets glass down)
OKAY, HONEY, MOMMY CAN...
H-HOLD ON, SWEETIE.
DO THE WORDS "WET PAINT"
MEAN NOTHING TO YOU?
UH, JUANITA? HONEY, I HAVE
TO CALL YOU BACK. I LOVE YOU.
(beep)
SORRY.
I DIDN'T MEAN TO. I...
IS THIS A...
A NURSERY? YES.
WE HAVEN'T TOLD
VERY MANY PEOPLE YET,
BUT... LEE AND I ARE TRYING
TO ADOPT A BABY.
OH. I HAD NO IDEA.
YEAH.
IT'S SOMETHING WE'VE WANTED
FOR YEARS.
OH, OKAY.
WHY?
I MEAN, YOU GUYS HAVE
THIS AMAZING LIFE.
(chuckles)
PARTIES EVERY NIGHT,
COSMOS AT 5:00.
YOU KNOW ALL THAT GOES AWAY
WHEN THE BABY COMES.
AND WE CAN'T WAIT.
LAST MONTH THERE WAS
THIS BABY IN OHIO.
WE GOT THE CALL
IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT.
WE WERE ON A PLANE
IN THE MORNING.
WE GOT TO THE HOSPITAL,
AND THERE SHE WAS--
A LITTLE GIRL.
(sighs)
WE HELD THAT BABY
IN OUR ARMS...
FOR TWO DAYS.
AND THEN WE WENT OUT TO BUY
A CAR SEAT TO BRING HER HOME,
AND WHEN WE GOT
BACK TO THE HOSPITAL,
THE... SOCIAL WORKER WAS WAITING
FOR US OUTSIDE THE NURSERY.
THE MOTHER HAD CHANGED
HER MIND.
I KNOW HOW THAT FEELS.
I AM SO SORRY, BOB.
(chuckles)
YOU MAY ENVY OUR LIFE,
GABY,
BUT... IT'S NOTHING
COMPARED TO HOW
WE ENVY YOURS.
(indistinct conversations)
HEY, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
THE PARTY'S
JUST GETTING STARTED.
I KNOW. IT'S JUST--JUANITA
SCORED HER FIRST GOAL IN SOCCER,
AND SHE WANTS TO TELL ME
ALL ABOUT IT, SO...
GO.
GIVE THEM A KISS FOR ME.
I WILL.
(kisses)
(door opens, closes)
(knock on door)
KNOCK, KNOCK.
KAREN, ARE YOU HOME?
I'M IN HERE.
UH, LISTEN. (sighs)
I'VE BEEN THINKING
ABOUT YOUR WEDDING,
AND, WELL, I JUST WANT
TO TALK TO YOU ABOUT...
WHAT'S WRONG?
(voice breaks) NOTHING.
(sniffles) THE DOCTOR
FOUND A SPOT ON MY LUNG.
A SPOT?
(inhales deeply)
HE THINKS
IT MIGHT BE CANCER.
(door squeaks)
SHE TOLD YOU, HUH?
YEAH.
IT'S GONNA BE OKAY.
SHE'S GETTING A BIOPSY
NEXT WEEK.
SHE'S GONNA LICK THIS THING.
(sighs)
CANCER PICKED A FIGHT
WITH THE WRONG BROAD.
(sighs)
UH, SO GIVEN THE DIAGNOSIS,
MAYBE IT'S NOT A GOOD TIME
TO GET MARRIED.
(laughs) OH!
WE'RE GETTING MARRIED,
SOON AS WE CAN.
BUT YOU SAID--
I KNOW WHAT I SAID.
ALL I COULD THINK ABOUT WAS
LOSING MY INDEPENDENCE,
LOSING MY FREEDOM,
BUT AFTER THIS HAPPENED,
NOW I REALIZE THE WORST THING
I COULD LOSE IS HER.
SO...
YOU'RE WILLING...
TO GIVE UP SALT?
I'M WILLING
TO GIVE UP ANYTHING.
OH, ROY.
AH-AH! WATCH IT, DOLL.
I TOLD YOU I'M GIVING IT UP.
ONE KISS IS ALL YOU GET.
(chuckles)
(door opens)
OH, HEY! YOU'RE STILL UP.
YEAH, I... SORT OF NEEDED
TO TALK TO YOU ABOUT SOMETHING.
WELL, IF IT'S ME
HELPING WITH THE BILLS...
(singsong voice)
I'VE GOT GREAT NEWS.
YOU GOT THE JOB?
YOU'RE LOOKING
AT THE DOWNTOWN GRILL'S
NEW HOSTESS.
(laughs)
I START TOMORROW.
OH! THANK YOU
FOR LOANING ME YOUR TOP.
THE MANAGER SAID
I LOOKED VERY CLASSY.
OH. I CAN'T TELL YOU
HOW HAPPY THIS MAKES ME.
SO... YOU WANNA TELL ME
YOUR THING?
NO, IT'S--IT CAN WAIT.
ARE YOU SURE?
YEAH. ABSOLUTELY.
(sets glass on table)
I'LL GET YOU A GLASS.
(cork pops)
AAH! (chuckles)
OH, MY GOD!
OH.
OH, MY GOD.
OH, YOUR BLOUSE.
I AM SO SORRY.
IT'S OKAY. (chuckles)
WAIT. WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I'M JUST GONNA RINSE IT OUT.
NO, NO, NO. STOP.
IT'S--IT'S--IT'S OKAY.
NO, BUT IT'S GONNA STAIN.
I'LL SEND IT
TO THE DRY CLEANERS.
OH, BUT THAT IS SO EXPENSIVE.
HERE WE GO--
YOU HAVE TO LEAVE.
WHAT?
I NEED YOU TO MOVE OUT
OF MY HOUSE.
WHY?
IT'S--IT'S--
IT'S COMPLICATED.
(sighs)
IS THIS...
THIS WHAT YOU WANTED
TO TALK TO ME ABOUT?
YEAH.
(sighs)
SORRY IF I DID
SOMETHING WRONG.
I HAVE A FRIEND
I CAN GO STAY WITH,
SO I'M JUST GONNA GO PACK.
ROBIN.
YOU HAVEN'T DONE
ANYTHING WRONG.
I LIKE YOU VERY MUCH.
IN FACT...
TOO MUCH.
LATELY I'VE STARTED TO HAVE
FEELINGS FOR YOU...
THAT I DON'T UNDERSTAND,
AND IT'S CONFUSING ME.
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
I DO...
'CAUSE I'M HAVING THOSE FEELINGS
FOR YOU, TOO.
(sighs)
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I SHOULD GO.
(chuckles)
(footsteps ascend stairs)
(exhales deeply)
(sighs)
SEDUCTION IS AN ART.
SUBTLE METHODS OF COERCION
ARE USED
TO SWAY THE SUSCEPTIBLE.
AND THOSE WHO ARE DETERMINED
WILL TAKE THEIR TIME
TO GET WHAT THEY WANT.
AND WHEN THE SEDUCTION
IS SUCCESSFUL,
THOSE WHO SUCCUMBED
ASK THEMSELVES...
WAS I SEDUCED...
OR WAS THIS WHAT I WANTED
ALL ALONG?